docs(sem): how-tos (#1271)
scaleway/docs-content: identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/how-to/filter-secrets.mdx

---
meta:
  title: How to filter your secrets
  description: This page explains how to filter your secrets
content:
  h1: How to filter your secrets
  paragraph: This page explains how to filter your secrets
tags: secret-manager secret
dates:
  validation: 2023-02-15
  posted: 2023-02-15
categories:
  - identity-and-access-management
---

This page explains how to filter your [secrets](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/concepts/#secret/) using the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com).

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com)
  - You have [generated an API key](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/) and enabled the `SecretManagerFullAccess` [permission set](/identity-and-access-management/iam/reference-content/permission-sets/)
  - Your have [several secrets](/identity-and-access-management/secret-manager/how-to/create-secret/)
</Message>

> ## Filter your secrets by tags

Reviewer: On ne met plus les "How-to" dans les titres ?

Author: On les met quand y'a deux sortes de how-tos dans un seul, non ? Genre là y a "filter by tags" et juste après "filter by region"

> ## Filter your secrets by tags

Author: ```suggestion
## How to filter your secrets by tags
```

1. Click **Secret Manager** in the **Security and Identity** section of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. Your secrets display.
2. In the **Tags** drop-down box type in the tag(s) you want to filter your secrets by.
     <Lightbox src="scaleway-filter-secrets-tags.webp" alt="" />

> 3. Click the **Apply filters** button. Your secrets with the required tag(s) display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Apply filters**. Your secrets with the required tag(s) display.
```

> 4. Click the **Reset filters** button to reset the filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Click **Reset filters**.
```

> ## Filter your secrets by region

Author: ```suggestion
## How to filter your secrets by region
```

1. Click **Secret Manager** in the **Security and Identity** section of the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com/) side menu. Your secrets display.
2. In the **Region** drop-down box select the region you want to filter your secrets by.
    <Message type="important">
     - You can only select one region
     - Regions you can filter your secrets by are `AMS`, `PAR` and `WAW`
    </Message>

> 3. Click the **Apply filters** button. The secrets created within the region you have selected display.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **Apply filters**. The secrets created in the region selected display.
```

     <Lightbox src="scaleway-filter-secrets-region.webp" alt="" />

> 4. Click the **Reset filters** button to reset the filters.

Reviewer: Ca fait un peu "click delete to delete"...same comment as above

> 4. Click the **Reset filters** button to reset the filters.

Author: ```suggestion
4. Click **Reset filters** once you are done.
```

<Message type="note">

>   You can also filter your secrets by tags and region at the same time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also filter your secrets by tags and region simultaneously.
```
